What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Use command 'git init', which will initialize a git repository in the current directory
This command initializes the file folder as a repository for git to track changes

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a place to hold what files will be committed using git
The working directory is the directory where you are 'working', otherwise known as your main repository directory

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

Using 'git add', you can specify which file(s) and changes you want to add to the staging area
Using 'git commit' will allow those files/changes in the staging area to be committed to the repository
Using 'git diff' you can see the changes that are active in the staging area, allowing decisions to be made to allow for one commit per logical change

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branching code allows new feature development, experiments, and new version development, while keeping a main line open and running for production

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams can help understand the structure of a repository, its branches, and its commits. It helps visualize how the code trees are organized.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches combines the code into one branch. Branching code off the master allows changes to be put in independently from the master repository.
Diagraming the branches and the merges show which branches have branched off and which have merged back in.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

When everything is understandable and easy, automatic merging is a great time saving tool.
If there are conflicts, however, the developer has to manually resolve conflicts before the merge can complete, which is how it should be.
